
### Week5

#### What Am I Looking For

1. I want the product itself to be interesting to me. 
2. There is an active community supporting the project.
3. The community is welcoming.
4. The documentation is thoroughly and clearly written.

####  What do I Bring?

optimism, work ethic, problem solving, good communications skills.

#### What do I Hope to Learn

how to quickly analyze code, and contribute (code) in a meaningful way to an existing project. This includes learning the contribution guidelines set forth by the project leaders, and communicating with others working on the project effectively.

#### Worries

Where to start! Many open source projects are large and the issues so varied that it seems overwhelming to make a significant contribution to one of these projects. So, I don’t know where to start with a project to get involved in such a way that I will eventually make a contribution to this project. I am also worried about communication. If I am having a hard time solving a bug will there be people working on that project that engage in conversation with me and help me work through the bug? I am also worried about learning the contribution guidelines for the given open source project I choose to work on.

### contributions: nil

### Questions

1. how did you get involved in web-cartographer? why do you find it interesting, how have you liked working as a web-cartographer up to this point?
2. How did you get involved in open source?
3. what has been the most fun/rewarding project you have (or are) worked/working on to date?
4.  What resources have been most helpful to you in your career in web development. 
