---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### The Pull Request 
<p>
<a href="https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/68"> Pull Request </a>

<ol>
<li> I forked the repository for the website. In the repository for the website I clicked fork, and forked to my own local repos. </li>
<li> I then cloned my fork of the website’s repository. [git clone https://github.com/eschadt/cs480_s18.git] </li>
<li> In the thread for the error I corrected, other students were kind enough to not only comment the name of the file the error was in but also the exact line too. So I opened up the _config.yml file in my cloned fork on my computer and changed our class location from CIWW to 60 5th ave where we actually meet for class. </li> 
<li> I then staged my changes [git add .] </li> 
<li> I then committed my changes [git commit -m “location of class fixed to correctly show where we meet for class” </li>
<li> I then pushed my changes to my forked copy of the repository on github. [git push origin master] </li>
<li> I then went to the website repository at https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18 </li>
<li> I then pressed “new pull request” . </li>
<li> Then I pressed the compare across forks link.  </li>
<li> I set the base fork to joannakl/cs408_s18 and head fork to eschadt/cs480_s18 (the fork I had fixed the problem I was assigned). </li>
<li> I then added a title and comment to the pull request and submitted the pull request for review. </li>
</ol>
</p>

### Code Triage

<p>
My experience so far has been neutral. Every issue that is sent to my email is already fixed and is waiting for the pull request to be accepted to merge the changes into the finished product. I signed up for one project: freecodecamp/guides. The issues I have examined are all concerned with adding information to guides about a variety of topics (like how to embed youtube videos, or adding definitions and resources for Qualitative Testing). I have enjoyed looking at the issues because they are guides about miscellaneous topics. So Im getting to learn about some interesting things and at the same time think about what information should be added to topics that don't have the best guides.
</p>


