---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### Cathedral Vs. Bazaar

<p>
Software development following the cathedral model consists of a smaller group of programmers building the software to completion without outside help. No beta tests are released to users/developers, as the software is not unveiled until the developers have a fully finished product with as many of the bugs squashed as possible. The process of correcting bugs is also different in the cathedral model. Since there is only a small group of programmers, finding and then correcting bugs is very time consuming and laborious. The time between releases also differs. In the cathedral model releases are more spread out with lots of time being put into correcting bugs between patches.
</p>

<p>
In the bazaar model however, many people from around the world who have no affiliation with each other come together to build software. Programmers motivations as to why they joined a project can vary greatly, but unlike the cathedral model, it is rarely monetary incentive that drives them to work within the bazaar model to develop software.  In addition, developers do not wait to fix all the bugs in the project before releasing, they release the project early and often. Meaning that what is being released is not a finished a product (unlike the cathedral model) and the completion of the project is dependent on the community finding bugs and fixing the bugs quickly (unlike the small group of people correcting bugs in the cathedral model). The software is continually released (up to 2 times a day) when bugs are corrected, in contrast to rarer updates released from developers following the cathedral model. In the bazaar model all of the source code for a project is freely available and anyone can get involved. In the cathedral model the source code is not made available to the public.
</p>

<p>
I would be more comfortable in a cathedral environment. The cathedral provides more direction and support on a project than in the bazaar environment. There is a clear management structure with product vision being passed down the chain, so that it is more clear what I (as a programmer) must do to fulfill my role in the project. There are also senior level employees and directors that will be there to guide and help in the case of confusion or mental roadblock. In the cathedral model the team provides more safety due to stronger communication and the team being more dependable (as you are all being paid to be in the same office working on the same project). Overall, at this point in my coding career, I would be more comfortable in the cathedral environment due to the direction and stability it provides.
</p>

### Lessons:

##### <i>#1: Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer’s personal itch. </i>

<p>
I like this quote because it is applicable to many other areas in life outside of software development. When we are forced to work on a project/problem that doesn’t have any personal significance we will not write good software. However if we have an “itch,” a problem that we want to solve, we will be more passionate about solving this problem since its a problem we personally want solved. If we are passionate about solving a problem we will be more interested in writing the software that solves this given problem and because we are motivated to write the software we will write better software.
</p>

##### <i>#8: Given a large enough beta-tester and co-developer base, almost every problem will be characterized quickly and the fix obvious to someone. </i>

<p>
If we have a large enough user base for our software and a large enough co-developer group, bugs will be discovered and then corrected very quickly. There is a very high probability that any problem “will be transparent to somebody,” and once this person finds the problem all it takes is for someone else who understands the problem to fix it. So, if there is a large enough tester/developer group, problems will be found quickly, and fixed promptly by one of the many co-developers who understands the problem. Or stated more succinctly, “Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow.”
</p>

