## Reflection

I think Google’s approach to open source is beneficial to the community as a whole, and see no problem with it! Sure, Google only staffs people on open source projects to make the product better for their own use, but at the same time this software is open source. So, the end result is that the programming/OSS community as a whole will benefit from Google working on these projects. Google has the resources to privately fund/ separately create the OSS projects they are working on and make all the code proprietary, but in not doing so they are developing projects that everyone can use if they please to do so! This will in turn benefit many other projects that choose to use the OSS google is developing, and make apps/software we use better!

## Progress 

Progress has been difficult to come by one the [current](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/8750) problem we have been working on. I have gone through all the relevant code files pertaining to this issue and tried to find the error, tracing the execution and reading the code to understand it better. Despite spending time on this though, I have still not found a fix, I think it is time to move on from this issue. But, I have found a new error in the zulip dev environment while playing around with it, so will be submitting on issue post to the zulip GitHub page :) !
Also, we are close to submitting our first pull request! Adnan just found a fix to this [issue](https://github.com/zulip/zulip/issues/8547)! So I will be pulling the changes tonight and testing the fix out to see if his changes properly address the issue and fix it!!

## Code of Conduct

The benefits of having such a document is that it will make the community you are working in more inviting and inclusive, and makes it so that everyone working on the project can communicate about the project more effectively! I also think this adds a layer of legitimacy to the project by making the environment more civil! This document also creates a safe space in which developers can work without the fear that they will be harassed and bullied, which will lead to members of the project being more productive. I also think a benefit is that if the community is nicer and more welcoming, a contributor is more likely to come back and work on this project again, thus a document like this helps advance the final product! Also I think a CoC document makes it easier to communicate with people that you have never met, which in turns helps the group be more productive!

Based on what I have said above, I think other projects would benefit from having a CoC document. I think this mainly because a CoC creates a more civil environment for developers and helps the group be more productive!

Zulip has a CoC document. It can be found [here](http://zulip.readthedocs.io/en/latest/code-of-conduct.html)
