---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

### Open Source:

<p>
	When I think of open source I think of people coming together to collaborate to make a piece of software that will be freely available to the people and positively benefit the community in some way. Contributions can be big or small and the source code for the software is readily available so that anyone that is willing to put in the effort can get involved. 
</p>	
<p>
	Advantages of open source compared to closed are that bugs are more easily worked out of the code since there are many eyes on any given project, and that updates are released more often. Also there are many people bouncing ideas around which leads to improvements in the quality of life of the software.
</p>
<p>
	The biggest potential problem I see with open source is the lack of managerial structure. Other factors (such as the desire to create good software or to help people) are what ties open source projects together and drives them to the finish line. Another potential problem is communication. Collaborators rarely meet in person (as they can be all over the world), so the only form of communication is virtual. However, I think this problem has been somewhat mitigated by the introduction of video chatting.
</p>

### Projects:

#### 1. Atom
Atom is a free text and source code editor. It offers support for many plug-ins, such as embedded Git Control. I use atom because there are so many packages available for it, and because it is very light weight. Some alternatives to Atom are emacs and sublime. 

#### 2. HandBrake
HandBrake is a transcoder for video files (normally used to reduce the amount of memory needed to  store a video file). I use it so that when im putting videos into websites I can shrink the amount of memory needed to store the video so that the user doesn’t have to load a 100mb video file for 7 seconds of entertainment. Some alternatives include Wondershare and DivX.

#### 3. React
React is a JavaScript framework used to create user interfaces for websites. I use React because it was easy to pick up, semi-intuitive, and because it is an essential tool needed to create modern web apps. Alternatives include Cycle.js, vue, and Elm.

#### 4. Node.js
Node.js is a cross-platform JS run-time environment for executing JS code. I use it because in a previous CS elective I took, the professor had us use node.js to execute our JS code. I also use it because its the most popular run-time environment for executing JS code. Alternatives include Golang and PurpleJS.


### Questions for Tom:

1. How do you monetize OSS/how does redhat make its revenue?
2. How did you (Tom C) get into OSS and what would you recommend to a young student that has no experience with OSS do to get involved in OSS?
3. What was/is your favorite OSS project that you were/are directly involved in to date?
