# Reflection

## What I learned

Before taking this course, I had no idea how to contribute to open source projects, it was never something I even thought about. In fact, I didn’t even know what open source projects were, or that they existed at the level that they do in our world. However, after taking this course, I now feel ready and able to search for open source projects that I am interested in and contribute to these projects! :) I also feel better equipped to join new communities and integrate myself within them. I also gained a good understanding of what OSS is and the history behind it, and what shapes the OSS movement today. 

I also had very limited knowledge of git and GitHub before taking this course (only what was taught in CSO). So, I learned al ot about Git and GitHub this semester (tracking issues, submitting issues, forks, PRs, merge conflicts, branching). I feel confident that I can now work in a group project (coding based) using GitHub to collaborate, which I was not before the course. 

I think most valuable though was learning how to contribute to large existing open source projects. It strengthened my teamwork skills and sparked my interest in contributing to open source projects down the road (for LIFE!). 

## What I wish I learned

I wish I learned how to formally use debugging tools and how to test my code. A lot of projects, especially zulip, use these tools to test code before it is submitted and I have no clue how these things work. Joe Versoza made us write test cases for our code before submitting which was a helpful start in AIT, but it would have been nice to have a more formal introduction to that in this class. Maybe OSS is not the place for such a topic, but it would be cool if you incorporated an OSS debugger/test tools into the syllabus where students had to learn how to debug while also learning OSS :) 

## Remove one thing 

If I could remove one thing it would be the lecture on the linux file systems. While the lecture was very informative and came with many useful command line prompts, I just did not enjoy it, and did not see how it applied to OSS besides the fact that linux is OSS. 

## Add one thing

If could add one thing, I would more guest speakers! I loved having guest speakers (especially tom from redhat). I thought it was a cool to have industry leaders teach us about OSS in the REAL WORLD! 

## Conclusion

All in all, I thought this was a fantastic course, and I learned a lot about OSS, when I otherwise would not have, if this course did not exist. It has opened my eyes to ways we can use computer science for the good of society. 

Thank you for an awesome semester! 
